---
title: Document Management System
---
Good documentation is important.  It can be the difference between a piece
of software fading into obscurity or becomming widely adopted.  While plain 
text may sometimes be enough to explain concepts, documentation can often be
enhanced by adding various types of rich text content.  There are many forms of 
rich text formats including LaTeX, HTML, Markdown, RTF, etc.  

Aside from formatting, another challenge is how to organize your documentation.
While a few paragraphs may be enough for simple documentation, it is often 
valuable to create a table of contents that may need to nest several layers deep
with numbering to help find sections like this:

1. Overview
1. First Topic
    1. Sub-Topic
    2. Sub-Topic
      1. Example 1
      2. Example 2
1. Second Topic

That's a lot of things to keep track by hand so we usually use software to make
the authoring process easier.

## Minimal Requirements
Create a program that allows you to:
* Define a numbered table of contents
* Move sections around in the table of contents including promoting and demoting 
  sections
* Edit the content of each section independently
* Include rich-text elements in each section (how you do this and what formats
  you support is up to you)
* Save documentation to a file and read it from a file
* Compile the documentation into a form that can be published (HTML, PDF, 
  something else)

## Additional Features
* How can you include links from one section to another such that the links
  still work when you reorganize the table of contents?
* Depending on what format you chose for your your rich text, does your implementation
  support a live preview? If not, what would it take to implement one?
